README.md, before:

# cw20 DAO

**NOT PRODUCTION READY**

This builds on [cw3-flex-multisig](https://github.com/CosmWasm/cw-plus/tree/main/contracts/cw3-flex-multisig) and instead has the voting set maintained by cw20 tokens. This allows for the cw20s to serve as governance tokens in the DAO, similar to how governance tokens work using contracts like [Compound Governance](https://compound.finance/governance).

## Instantiation

The first step to create such a DAO is to instantiate an `cw20` contract.

When creating the DAO, in addition to the `cw20` conrtract address you must set the required threshold to pass a vote as well as the max/default voting period.

## Execution Process

First, a voter with an cw20 balance must submit a proposal. The proposer can set
an expiration time for the voting process, or it defaults to the limit
provided when creating the contract (so proposals can be closed after several
days).

Before the proposal has expired, any voter with the required cw20 token can add their
vote. Only "Yes" votes are tallied. If enough "Yes" votes were submitted before
the proposal expiration date, the status is set to "Passed".

Once a proposal is "Passed", anyone with the correct cw20 token may submit an
"Execute" message. This will trigger the proposal to send all stored messages from
the proposal and update it's state to "Executed", so it cannot run again. (Note if
the execution fails for any reason - out of gas, insufficient funds, etc - the state
update will be reverted, and it will remain "Passed", so you can try again).

Once a proposal has expired without passing, anyone can submit a "Close"
message to mark it closed. This has no effect beyond cleaning up the UI/database.

## Complimentary Contracts

These contracts can be used in combination with the cw-dao contract to extend functionality. Simply make a proposal to instantiate them via the cw-dao.

- [cw-vest](https://github.com/ben2x4/cw-vest): Adds the ability to vest cw-20 tokens. Useful if you want community members to be incentivized over a longer term or for payments on projects that have multiple phases.

## Testing

You will need Rust 1.44.1+ with `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target installed.

You can run unit tests on this via:

`cargo test`

## Deploying in a development environment

You can deploy the contract to a local chain with:

``` sh
bash scripts/deploy_local.sh
```

This will run a chain locally in a docker container, then build and deploy the contracts to that chain.

The script will output something like:

``` sh
CW20 Contract: wasm14hj2tavq8fpesdwxxcu44rty3hh90vhujgqwg3
CW_DAO Contract: wasm1nc5tatafv6eyq7llkr2gv50ff9e22mnfhap4vz
Private key to export to Keplr:
3d50b1de3684c6541483f0f26e85e5687f4cdd7120cdacbe45c3c8d64bec2b2d
```

You can import this private key to your Keplr wallet, configure Keplr to point to your local chain (see `docker ps`), then interact with the contract addresses.

Note: If you change  `.env.local`, you'll need to re-add the chain to Keplr. If you select a different chain in Keplr (like Cosmos), you can scroll down and remove the "Wasmd Test" chain, then you can re-add it by connecting your wallet. Additionally, each time you run `deploy-local.sh`, it will generate a new private key. This means you will have to add the new account to Keplr.


## Deploying contract in production

Once you are happy with the content, you can compile it to wasm via:

```
RUSTFLAGS='-C link-arg=-s' cargo wasm
cp ../../target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/cw_dao.wasm .
ls -l cw_dao.wasm
sha256sum cw_dao.wasm

cp ../../target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/cw20_gov.wasm .
ls -l cw20_gov.wasm
sha256sum cw20_gov.wasm
```

Or for a production-ready (optimized) build, run a build command in
the repository root: https://github.com/CosmWasm/cosmwasm-plus#compiling.

You can then upload the contract code to the blockchain (which only needs to be
done once) and instantiate the contract. (Further documentation coming soon).

Commit message:

Update documentation on passing wasm address to

README.md, after:

# cw20 DAO

**NOT PRODUCTION READY**

This builds on [cw3-flex-multisig](https://github.com/CosmWasm/cw-plus/tree/main/contracts/cw3-flex-multisig) and instead has the voting set maintained by cw20 tokens. This allows for the cw20s to serve as governance tokens in the DAO, similar to how governance tokens work using contracts like [Compound Governance](https://compound.finance/governance).

## Instantiation

The first step to create such a DAO is to instantiate an `cw20` contract.

When creating the DAO, in addition to the `cw20` conrtract address you must set the required threshold to pass a vote as well as the max/default voting period.

## Execution Process

First, a voter with an cw20 balance must submit a proposal. The proposer can set
an expiration time for the voting process, or it defaults to the limit
provided when creating the contract (so proposals can be closed after several
days).

Before the proposal has expired, any voter with the required cw20 token can add their
vote. Only "Yes" votes are tallied. If enough "Yes" votes were submitted before
the proposal expiration date, the status is set to "Passed".

Once a proposal is "Passed", anyone with the correct cw20 token may submit an
"Execute" message. This will trigger the proposal to send all stored messages from
the proposal and update it's state to "Executed", so it cannot run again. (Note if
the execution fails for any reason - out of gas, insufficient funds, etc - the state
update will be reverted, and it will remain "Passed", so you can try again).

Once a proposal has expired without passing, anyone can submit a "Close"
message to mark it closed. This has no effect beyond cleaning up the UI/database.

## Complimentary Contracts

These contracts can be used in combination with the cw-dao contract to extend functionality. Simply make a proposal to instantiate them via the cw-dao.

- [cw-vest](https://github.com/ben2x4/cw-vest): Adds the ability to vest cw-20 tokens. Useful if you want community members to be incentivized over a longer term or for payments on projects that have multiple phases.

## Testing

You will need Rust 1.44.1+ with `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target installed.

You can run unit tests on this via:

`cargo test`

## Deploying in a development environment

First, run the front end, which will pass the chain info to Keplr. From there, get a wasm address for one of your private keys.

Then, deploy the contract to a local chain with:

``` sh
bash scripts/deploy_local.sh [your-wasm-address]
```

This will run a chain locally in a docker container, then build and deploy the contracts to that chain.

The script will output something like:

``` sh
CW20 Contract: wasm14hj2tavq8fpesdwxxcu44rty3hh90vhujgqwg3
CW_DAO Contract: wasm1nc5tatafv6eyq7llkr2gv50ff9e22mnfhap4vz
```

You can import this private key to your Keplr wallet, configure Keplr to point to your local chain (see `docker ps`), then interact with the contract addresses.

Note: If you change  `.env.local`, you'll need to re-add the chain to Keplr. If you select a different chain in Keplr (like Cosmos), you can scroll down and remove the "Wasmd Test" chain, then you can re-add it by connecting your wallet. Additionally, each time you run `deploy-local.sh`, it will generate a new private key. This means you will have to add the new account to Keplr.


## Deploying in production

Once you are happy with the content, you can compile it to wasm via:

```
RUSTFLAGS='-C link-arg=-s' cargo wasm
cp ../../target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/cw_dao.wasm .
ls -l cw_dao.wasm
sha256sum cw_dao.wasm

cp ../../target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/cw20_gov.wasm .
ls -l cw20_gov.wasm
sha256sum cw20_gov.wasm
```

Or for a production-ready (optimized) build, run a build command in
the repository root: https://github.com/CosmWasm/cosmwasm-plus#compiling.

You can then upload the contract code to the blockchain (which only needs to be
done once) and instantiate the contract. (Further documentation coming soon).
